[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/connections/p2p_stub/readme.md

> # p2p stub connection
> Simple file based connection to perform interaction between multiple local agents.
> 
> ## Usage
> Specify a namespace_dir file should be created in. Send and receive messages accros the agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# p2p stub connection
Simple file based connection to perform interaction between multiple local agents.

## Usage
A simple connection for communication with an AEA, using the file system as a point of data exchange.

## Usage
First, add the connection to your AEA project: `aea add connection fetchai/p2p_stub:0.4.0`.

Optionally, in the `connection.yaml` file under `config` set the `namespace_dir` to the desired file path. The `p2p_stub` connection reads encoded envelopes from its input file and writes encoded envelopes to its output file. Multiple agents can be pointed to the same `namespace_dir` and are then able to exchange envelopes via the file system.
```
